 This program needs a name. Help me find a name for it!

INSTALLING

 You can't.

DEPENDENCIES

 python 2.x series (not python 3k)
 pygtk
 pycairo
 pygoocanvas
 ply (python parser-generator)
 
USAGE

 You must select an area before you can create an event. This requires
 *draging* over an empty part of the canvas, or typing in a recurrence
 in the text box and pressing the Enter/Return key.

 You can select multiple days at once.

 When you move a recurring event, the whole recurrence pattern is
 shifted. For now, you must explictly add an exception by editing the
 recurrence. Similarly, when you change the start or end time of an
 event, the start/end time for other occurrences may be affected.
 
RECURRENCES

 Recurring events are expressed using a subset of english, with the
 addition of optional parenthesis for clarity. The language can be
 used to express both one-off and repeating events. The syntax is
 intended to be natural, but there will be occasions when the parser
 has trouble. If a syntax error occurs, the offending text will be
 underlined. If the expression doesn't do what you intended, try
 adding parentheses around subexpressions.

 For an event to show up in the calendar, it must be given both a date
 pattern *and* a time pattern. All-day events are currently not
 rendered.

 Recurrence expressions are not case sensitive.

 What follows are some examples of usage.

      DATES

 Dates can be given in m/d/y format, by weekday, by an ordinal number
 (24th), or a month/ordinal combination. Day and month names can be
 either written out, or 3-letter abbreviations (with no period).

 10/25/2011	      	      	  october 25th, 2011
 10/25/2011, 10/26/2011

 
 this wednesday	      		  the first wednesday after today's date
 next wed
 wed
 wed, thu, fri
 today
 tomorrow

 october 25th october		  25th of this year (or next year, if the date is
 oct 25th     	      	          october 26th or later)

     PATTERNS OF REPETITION

 every 2 days			  repeats every other day starting today
 every 2 days starting tomorrow
 every 2 days 
 every wednesday
 every wed, thu and fri
 every 2nd wednesday		  the 2nd wednesday of each month
 every dec 25th			  christmas day

      TIMES

 Times can be in either 12-hour am/pm notation or in 24-hour time. If
 no am/pm is provided, you must give the time in xx:xx format, and 24
 hour time is assumed.

 every 2 days from 4:30pm to 5pm
 every wednesday at 4pm for 2 hours 30 minutes
 every wednesday at 13:35 until 19:20

      COMBINING PATTERNS

 Parentheses may be required to disambiguate.

 every 2nd wednesday and every 4th tuesday
 25th of each month and 26th of each month
 (every monday from 4pm until 5pm) and (every tuesday from 2pm until 3pm)

      EXCEPTIONS

 Any pattern can be used to provide an exception, though parenthesis
 may be required to disambiguate. For the purpose of specifying
 exceptions, start and stop times are ignored. Thus: "every 2 days
 except wed" has the same effect as "every 2 days except (wed from 4pm
 to 5pm)". What you probably intend is "(every 2 days except wed) from
 4pm to 5pm".

 every wednesday except 3/9/2011
 every wednesday except next wed
 every 2 days except every last wed
 every mon, wed, friday from september until october

HACKING

 see HACKING, in this directory

AUTHORS

 Brandon Lewis <brandon_lewis@alum.berkeley.edu>